<div align="center" style="background-color: #e5ecff; color: black"><br/><div>DOC</div><h1>Creating Documents</h1><br/></div>
<br/>

### Files Used
📄 docs/authorization/_category_.json

📄 docs/authorization/index.mdx


<br/>

All of the documentation that lives in the side bar can be found in `docs ✓` . The main landing page for that section is `docs/index.mdx ✓` , which is what you see if you navigate to `/docs` directly on the site. There's also a nav link to go right to the documentation without first viewing the quick start.

Documents have a special table at the top that determines their slug, title, and sort order for display. Let's take a quick look at what's going on in `docs/authorization ✓` , starting with `docs/authorization/_category_.json ✓`

<br/>

The JSON file determines where the _category_ should be displayed (in which order) as well as set the name for the category.

<div style="background: #e5ecff; padding: 10px 10px 10px 10px; border-bottom: 1px solid #c1c7d0; border-radius: 4px; color: black">    📄 docs/authorization/_category_.json ✅ Up to Date*

   </div>

```json
⬜ 1      {
🟩 2          "label": "Signup & Authorization",
🟩 3          "position": 2
⬜ 4      }
```
<br/>

The markup at the top of the file determines the slug, and the sort order within the category itself. Docusaurus will override anything in the `id ✓` value here with the contents of the first H1 tag in the document, if it exists.

<div style="background: #e5ecff; padding: 10px 10px 10px 10px; border-bottom: 1px solid #c1c7d0; border-radius: 4px; color: black">    📄 docs/authorization/index.mdx ✅ Up to Date*

   </div>

```mdx
🟩 2      id: Signup & Authorization
🟩 3      slug: authorization
🟩 4      sidebar_position: 0
⬜ 5      ---
```
<br/>

The explanation for how React components work in [Creating Blog Posts](https://swimm.io/link?l=c3dpbW0lM0ElMkYlMkZyZXBvcyUyRloybDBhSFZpSlROQkpUTkJaRzlqY3k1emQybHRiUzVwYnlVelFTVXpRWE4zYVcxdGFXOCUzRCUyRmRvY3MlMkZheEIydg==) applies here too - you can use whatever components make sense for a statically-generated site.

For top-level documents above any of the sections, the sort orders will be used, with the categories always coming last.

<br/>

<br/><br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://swimm.io/link?l=c3dpbW0lM0ElMkYlMkZyZXBvcyUyRloybDBhSFZpSlROQkpUTkJaRzlqY3k1emQybHRiUzVwYnlVelFTVXpRWE4zYVcxdGFXOCUzRCUyRmRvY3MlMkZXOXZOYg==). Timestamp: 2021-09-30T02:27:45.165Z (UTC)
